| Key           | Value                             |
|---------------|-----------------------------------|
| Date:         | 26/03/2024                        |
| Time:         | 13:45                             |
| Location:     | Flux Hall B                       |
| Chair:        | Liam Forster                      |
| Minute Taker: | GÃ¼ney Bayindir                    |
| Attendees:    | To be filled in after the meeting |
## Agenda Items:
- ### Introduction (4 min)
  - Opening by chair (1 min)
  - Is everyone doing fine? (1 min)
  - Any last minute additions to the agenda (1 min)
---------------------------------------------------------------
- ### Main Agenda (36 min)
  - **Progress Update** (14 min)
    - Everyone briefly explains the part they worked on and the progress they made (5 min)
    - Did we get everything done that we wanted to get done? (3 min)
    - What could be improved this week to make sure we reach our goals? (1 min)
    - Did we use the feedback they gave us last week? (2 min)
    - New addition: Discuss feedback regarding the project testing (3 min)
  
  - **Continuation** (17 min) (Key takeaway: keep the momentum going)
    - What has to be done this week? (8 min, keep everyone involved)
    - Creation and closure of issues (Keep them detailed) (5 min)
    - Switching roles: Who will work on what?  (2 min)
    - Assigning the issues to the team members (2 min)
  - **Product Pitch** (5min) (Draft for a presentation has to be created)
    - What features to include in the presentation? (2 min)
    - Who will work on the presentation? (2 min)
    - What tools will we use? (1 min)
  
  **Note:** Draft has to be uploaded to Brightspace by Thursday 
    
    
---------------------------------------------------------------
- ##### Closing the meeting (5 min)
  - Additions by the TA (1 min)
  - Double check: does everyone know what they have to do? (2 min)
  - Who will be the next chair and minute taker? (1 min)
  - Closure (1 min)

Total time: 45 min + 5 min leeway

### Progress Update

  - Good progress was made for the application.
  - Websockets have been implemented with long polling being mostly finished.
  - Most of the standard features have been implemented.
  - Some of us may not have reached the breakout criteria

### Continuation

  - Adding time estimation for merge requests were agreed upon.
  - Removing participants from events was discussed as a feature to be implemented.
  - Expanding the use of popups was discussed during the meeting to improve the UX.
  - Using images instead of default buttons was discussed to improve the UI.
  - Different themes and color palettes for the application were also discussed for implementation in the future.
  - Dutch language not being fully implemented was discussed.
  - Duplicate names for the participants and the possibility of using them as Primary Keys were discussed.

### Testing Feedback^[Since the feedback came right before the meeting this was a late addition to the agenda.]

  - Testing the frontend controllers was discussed to improve upon the testing feedback.
  - Testing on input and process as well as the output was mentioned in the feedback and discussed.
  - Agreement to create mock-ups of server utils, websockets etc. to test the controllers were made.
 
### Product Pitch

  - A draft for the product pitch needs to be handed in by Thursday.
  - The contents and the tools to create the presentation were discussed.
  - A meeting on 27/03/2024 at 12.00 (the following day) was agreed upon to further discuss the product pitch.
 
## Action points

  - Complete the implementation of basic features that are needed to pass the assignment.
  - Expand on the testing through mock objects and more detailed tests.
  - Improve upon the UI and UX through as discussed in the future.
  - Create the product pitch draft until Thursday.
