| Key          | Value           |
|--------------|-----------------|
| Date:        | 27/02/2024      |
| Time:        | 13.45           |
| Location:    | Flux Hall B     |
| Chair        | Thomas Rothfusz |
| Minute Taker | Liam Forster    |
| Attendees:   | 6               |

Agenda Items:
Intro (5 min)
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (2 min)
- Approval of the agenda - any additions? (2 min)

- Talking Points: (Brainstorm)
    - Agenda-item 1: Reflection on last week? (15 min)
        - Quick check on everyone (5 min)
        - Did everyone make the knockout requirement? (3 min)
        - if not, how can we change things for the upcoming week? (5 min)
        - How did everyone experience the current checkstyle, do we want to change anything (2 min)
    - Agenda-item 2: How to continue with the project (30 min)
        - Code of Conduct, discuss subjects in more detail (10 min, main priority)
        - What is going to be our goal/approach for the upcoming week (10 min)
        - Mock-up: resolving unclear details (is it done, if not new deadline, how strict are we following the mock-up etc.) (10 min)
      
To finish the meeting (5 min)
- Who will be the next chair and minute taker. (1 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)
- Closure (1 min)

Total planned time (55 min + 5 min buffer)

# Notes

## Agenda Item 1: Reflection last week

- Great work last week
- Most of us passed the GIT Assignment
- The checkstyle has been experienced as okay, minor changes in the future could be implemented like the number of parameters for a funciton.


## Agenda Item 2: Continuing the project

### Code of Conduct:
- All the key elements have been added to the git repository as issues.
- The tasks are divided evenly based on the number of words one should write.
- The structure has been provided in the overleaf project, that Liam has sent in the whatsapp group.
- The aim is to write approximately 300 words per key point (Shared team values amounts to 500) and to finish writing on thursday, such that the text files can correctly be implemented in the overleaf project.
- Submission deadline is on Friday, minute-taker for week 3 (Liam) is responsible for the submission.
- Agreement has been made to keep in contact via Whatsapp regarding the code of conduct.

### Developement

- Main priority for week 3 is to get the backend (divided into server and database) up and running.
- Several issues have been made during the meeting on that matter.
- New meeting has been planned on Wednesday 27/02/2024 to discuss the tasks and the division of them further

To be expanded on later

## Other key points

- Thinking about rotating team-tasks (a few people on front-end and the rest on back-end) To be discussed
- Some issues have been edited to get the appropriate label
- Guney has a spreadsheet regarding the role assignment (chair and minute-taker) to make sure everyone passes.


## Action points

- Get the back-end up and running
- Submit Code of Conduct

---
- Next minute taker: Bogdan
- Next chair: Adam